README.md, before:

# Webradio-API
A minimal multi-service oriented search and streaming API for your Multi Theft Auto server

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
You need a web server like *nginx* or *apache* with PHP. The web server should serve content from the `public` directory and not anywhere else to reduce the attack margin to a minimum. Due to the early stages of the project you are forced to use `>= PHP 7` because the code uses e.g. the *null coalesce* operator, which was first introduced in PHP 7.

### Installing
Clone the repository to your disk, copy the `config.example.php` file as `config.php` in the *root*-directory and open it in an editor of your choice.

Remove the default key in the `$keys` array and add your own secret key strings to the array. There is no character limit on the keys and  you can use any character, whitespace too. Example:
```php
$keys = [
    "2JXR861JPWJ1CENHF51WA3QF3UK1I1QA", // You shouldn't use this one
    "9LRAP2PIJRCDYTQL5844O2VV2QX3TCQ6", // Neither this one
    // ...
];
```

Finally, you should add your private API keys for `YouTube`, `Soundcloud` and `Jamendo`. Other included services do not require an API key.

**Note:** You MUST configure your webserver to point to the `public` directory of the application.

#### Shortcuts for API registration
* [YouTube](https://developers.google.com/youtube/registering_an_application#Create_API_Keys)
* [Soundcloud](http://soundcloud.com/you/apps)
* [Jamendo](https://devportal.jamendo.com/admin/applications)

### Development
You should set the `$debug_mode` variable in `config.php` to *true* if you want to receive the fine details of the exception whenever your application drops an `Out of Order` error.

### Troubleshooting
#### Permission denied for mkdir()
Make sure your webserver user has enough permissions for writing in the **/storage** (sub-)directories.

## Usage
### Search
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=YouTube&query=Bohemian+Rhapsody`  
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=Soundcloud&query=Adele+Hello`  
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=Jamendo&query=Sunshine`  
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=MyFreeMP3&query=We+Right+Here`  
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=MP3Library&query=Bob+Dylan`  

### Stream
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=YouTube&id=<song id>`  
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=Soundcloud&id=<song id>`  
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=Jamendo&id=<song id>`  
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=MyFreeMP3&id=<song id>`  
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=MP3Library&id=<song id>`  

## Examples
### YouTube
`/search.php?query=Bohemian+Rhapsody&service=YouTube&key=<a key from $keys>`
```JSON
[
  {
    "id": "fJ9rUzIMcZQ",
    "title": "Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody (Official Video)"
  },
  {
    "id": "3p4MZJsexEs",
    "title": "Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen FULL HD"
  },
  {
    "id": "irp8CNj9qBI",
    "title": "Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody"
  }
]
```

### Soundcloud
`/search.php?query=Adele+Hello&service=Soundcloud&key=<a key from $keys>`
```JSON
[
  {
    "id": "230155983",
    "title": "Hello - Adele",
    "duration": 300
  },
  {
    "id": "229791977",
    "title": "Adele - Hello (Cover by Lianna Joy)",
    "duration": 295
  },
  {
    "id": "230335097",
    "title": "Hello ❀ Adele",
    "duration": 294
  }
]
```

### Error
This example shows the JSON output if you omit the key query parameter in your request.
```JSON
{
  "error": "Unauthorized",
  "errno": 2
}
```

## Contribute
Contributions are always welcome. Feel free to write an ISSUE or PULL REQUEST.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Added separate keys for search and stream
Added http status code history for URLs
Removed 'serve' method from cache class

README.md, after:

# Webradio-API
A minimal multi-service oriented search and streaming API for your Multi Theft Auto server

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
You need a web server like *nginx* or *apache* with PHP. The web server should serve content from the `public` directory and not anywhere else to reduce the attack margin to a minimum. Due to the early stages of the project you are forced to use `>= PHP 7` because the code uses e.g. the *null coalesce* operator, which was first introduced in PHP 7.

### Installing
Clone the repository to your disk, copy the `config.example.php` file as `config.php` in the *root*-directory and open it in an editor of your choice.

Remove the default key in the two `$searchKeys` and `$streamKeys` arrays and add your own secret key strings to the array. There is no character limit on the keys and you can use any character, whitespace too. Example:
```php
$searchKeys = [
    "2JXR861JPWJ1CENHF51WA3QF3UK1I1QA", // You shouldn't use this one
    "9LRAP2PIJRCDYTQL5844O2VV2QX3TCQ6", // Neither this one
    // ...
];

$streamKeys = [
    "M97JY494ZONC", // Don't even think about using
    "6Z3NRRU8YW56", // these exact keys in your application
];
```

Finally, you should add your private API keys for `YouTube`, `Soundcloud` and `Jamendo`. Other included services do not require an API key.

**Note:** You MUST configure your webserver to point to the `public` directory of the application.

#### Shortcuts for API registration
* [YouTube](https://developers.google.com/youtube/registering_an_application#Create_API_Keys)
* [Soundcloud](http://soundcloud.com/you/apps)
* [Jamendo](https://devportal.jamendo.com/admin/applications)

### Development
You should set the `$debug_mode` variable in `config.php` to *true* if you want to receive the fine details of the exception whenever your application drops an `Out of Order` error.

### Troubleshooting
#### Permission denied for mkdir()
Make sure your webserver user has enough permissions for writing in the **/storage** (sub-)directories.

#### Many YouTube videos stopped working
You might run into this issue everytime the YouTube's player JavaScript code changes the layout and the decoder can not figure out the decoding algorithm.
Feel free to submit an issue here on GitHub to notify me about it, but don't open a new issue if there is already opened issue regarding this problem, please.

## Usage
### Search
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=YouTube&query=Bohemian+Rhapsody`  
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=Soundcloud&query=Adele+Hello`  
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=Jamendo&query=Sunshine`  
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=MyFreeMP3&query=We+Right+Here`  
`/search.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=MP3Library&query=Bob+Dylan`  

### Stream
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=YouTube&id=<song id>`  
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=Soundcloud&id=<song id>`  
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=Jamendo&id=<song id>`  
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=MyFreeMP3&id=<song id>`  
`/stream.php?key=<a key from $keys>&service=MP3Library&id=<song id>`  

## Examples
### YouTube
`/search.php?query=Bohemian+Rhapsody&service=YouTube&key=<a key from $keys>`
```JSON
[
  {
    "id": "fJ9rUzIMcZQ",
    "title": "Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody (Official Video)"
  },
  {
    "id": "3p4MZJsexEs",
    "title": "Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen FULL HD"
  },
  {
    "id": "irp8CNj9qBI",
    "title": "Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody"
  }
]
```

### Soundcloud
`/search.php?query=Adele+Hello&service=Soundcloud&key=<a key from $keys>`
```JSON
[
  {
    "id": "230155983",
    "title": "Hello - Adele",
    "duration": 300
  },
  {
    "id": "229791977",
    "title": "Adele - Hello (Cover by Lianna Joy)",
    "duration": 295
  },
  {
    "id": "230335097",
    "title": "Hello ❀ Adele",
    "duration": 294
  }
]
```

### Error
This example shows the JSON output if you omit the key query parameter in your request.
```JSON
{
  "error": "Unauthorized",
  "errno": 2
}
```

## Contribute
Contributions are always welcome. Feel free to write an ISSUE or PULL REQUEST.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
